Friends here our concept is voter three session concept.
So you already, we had a small discussion on this concept.
So shun concept simply session is nothing but
creating AWS management console through your Python Bhutto three scripts.
And we already created that with the syntax called
moto three dots Session.get session with some profiling.
But we can create two types of sessions while implementing
your Python Bhutto, three scripts or like customization and default station.
C, whatever the discussion we had till now,
that is all about customization.
Let me show you that once again.
So before going to create your custom station, now very first step,
what we are doing is we are getting
programmatic access keys of either root account or any particular IAM user.
And we're configuring them on
our local host with a syntax called database configured hyphen,
hyphen profile with some profile name.
So that profile name, maybe anything.
So once you've done that automatically under user home dot AWS directory will be created.
And under this, after configuring your credentials to files are
creating when his credentials file and one Maurice config file.
So in credentials file,
with respect to your profile name,
your credentials are storing.
It may be rude account or any IAM user.
Right?
And from this, we are creating a session AWS management console.
Now let me copy this.
So once you've done this,
what we are doing, let me go to our previous scripts.
See we are importing Bhutto three.
Then after that we are creating our AWS management console with the help of this syntax.
So here we can
use either route profile or any other IAM profile name also, what is your wish?
So if you want to work with the root privileges of
your analyser can just go and create with Profile Name as root,
R with Butler, I am USA.
Then go and take that perfect name here.
That's fine.
So this is about customization.
So once if we get customization into your hand,
then if you want to walk with IAM,
are easy to our S3,
you are going to create that particular service console with alcove,
the resource or client.
So suppose, let me copy this.
So I am going to create a game console with the help of a resource.
Using resource, of course here you can provide service name equals to.
Please follow this antagonists is better one.
And region name.
You can provide any region name.
That's it. So same console you can
also create with the help of client method, client object.
So simply, instead of resource,
you can write client. But after this
If you want to implement your complete logic,
then your steps may vary. But concept is same.
That's fine.
So this is all about your customization.
Now, you are having the other session to create your analyst management console,
that is default session means you need to
create your AWS management console by default beautifully will create.
But how voted three will understand our board dark.
Now, see that first,
I'm deleting my existing credentials from my database.
Dot AWS. Let me delete that.
So dot AW, their trees there under user home.
I'm deleting it.
This concept is applicable even on your Unix-like systems also.
Fine.
Now, see that what I am doing is previously to
configure the credentials of your particular route or I am users,
we are following the syntax called AWS,
configured hyphen, hyphen profile than we are plotting profile name.
Now I'm not providing any profile name,
simply I'm running database configured.
So that now let me get my database access KID allele, we cooperate, right?
So once you've done this,
I will show you how you were credentials.
Let me US East One Son.
Now let me navigate into dot AWS and see that there are two files.
There is no change in the number of files. See the credentials.
We owe any name here
previously while configuring your connection with the help of Configure hyphen,
hyphen profile, there is a profile name.
It may be any profile.
But now while configuring,
we are not providing any profile name.
Simply we ran AWS configure.
So because of that,
you are both O3 is assigning a profile limb called default.
Now with the help of this default,
in case if default profile name in your credentials,
then you are bored or three can able to create
default session if you don't mention any profile name.
Now, for one profile,
we did didn't provide it any profile him for that's why boater
that has been taken for profile name as default.
Now what I will do is we do this,
we to this profile,
the default profile, how we can implement it, Python scripts.
So let me navigate into our right. He's not a tree.
So here let me open list.
I am users only.
And see that. Now in this case, I will do one thing.
I will come in the score.
Now see that what I'm doing.
Now I am not going to create any AWS management console directly.
I'm going to create IAM console equals to both u3 dot resource.
Ibm can guess if you want write service name.
You can write it. Anyway, that is default argument.
Let's say.
Now we are not creating any database management console.
I commented these two lenses directly.
I'm creating my IAM console that is
with the syntax called Bordeaux 3.Now you are resource our client.
Now let me see we in case if you have any confusion,
let me probably even region name as well.
You can provide any region in here because this is about I am.
That's it.
No, let me save it.
And I'm running.
So before running C or code once,
now we are running this. See the output.
You are able to get the word IAM user names.
We did not provided any profile name while implementing
your Python Bhutto transcripts or we did not created any fission,
any analyst management console in our Bhutto three scapes automatically.
Bhutto three is creating
your AWS management console by taking profile name as before, and that's it.
So in case, just assume that you are having some number
of IAM users are some router Content Summary and users,
in that case, it is better to follow this syntax.
Suppose you have only one profile.
Suppose you are going to walk with only some IAM user.
You don't have any access with root or any particular other IAM users.
You are having only one IAM user credentials in your hand.
At the time, you don't need to provide
the profile limb buried ligand anatomist configure command
and you just pass, you will credentials.
So that voted three will create a default session,
our default profile name.
And that default profile name will be useful to create a default session.
Nice incase if you are getting confusion,
it is the best practice to follow.
Simply edit list configure i for a given profile.
Then with respect to your profile name,
it may be rude or any IAM user just follow that step.
So better to follow customisation steps.
In case if you want to follow default session,
Yes, we can also follow,
suppose I want to take default session and also Butler profile and yes, you can take it.
Now. See that already we have under river Let me go
to I'm going to
be how you or default session here.
So you have to assume that these default station you are given
for these credentials and these credentials of R2P.
Now, I have some I am users also, then, no problem.
You can even provide with some profiles even by including your default
also already default session is that now I am
providing edible is configured iPhone5 profile.
Easy to nola PR.
That's it.
No, let me take my EC2 developer keys.
Now let me show you your credentials.
So by default session is there.
By default your profile is the default profile under the,
under the easy $2 per.
Now while implementing your Python Port-au-Prince kids,
suppose if I want to work with the default session,
then simply import Buddha three.
Then whatever the console you want to create,
create that console by using either resource,
our client simply boater three dot source,
then you are, I am.
This is one way.
Suppose I want to work with easy to tell apart,
work with EC2 services,
then create your database management console in the same script in
case if you want to work with the easy $2 per profile, yes,
you can create it simply by using Bhutto 3.Now session,
session, then Profile Name as EC2 dollar per easy to underscore.
No upper. That's it.
Now from this you just create your EC2 Console.
Ec2 Console using resource or client, that is your wish.
Because for easy too, we have both the options, client and resource.
Now AWS management console,
dot resource, then simply provide your EC2.
So if we want to provide clearly than simply write service name equals to EC2.
And if you want to work with the particular region,
then region name equals two.
You were region, whatever the region you want us to,
something like that. That's it.
Now after this, you are logic into the steps to implement your logic is sim,
whether you are going to work with the default or custom, Right?
So don't get confused. It's very simple.
In case you are getting confusion.
Basically just to follow our customization concept.
That is the good practice, right?
C Now, let me do the steps.
The only thing with this is customization right?
Now, default session.
So make sure that if you want to walk with the default session in your credentials files,
you should have one default,
a profile name called default,
then only you are boarded three, we pick that credentials.
So simply directly import moto three rather than directly create your any console.
Moto three dot or resource or client.
Then suppose I am more specific,
service name equals two,
I am region name equals 21,
or two or three c1,
we see only extra step is this one in consumption.
So if you create custom fission,
you how to create your game console with respect to this customization dot.
But in default session directly Bhutto three dot.
Now, to implement your Python Bhutto three scripts,
we have a official documentation.
Let me show you that simply as such with
moto three documentation and open this very first link.
Right now, go to here available services and see that you are all AWS services are here.
Suppose I want to work with I am,
then go and such with IMR EC2.
Ec2 in EC2.
Don't go with all options as of now,
just concentrate on client or service resource.
This is our client option.
This is resource option.
If you click on a resource or client,
you can go with anyone of that, right?
Let me click on service resource.
Now.
See that there are importing Bhutto three and they're
creating EC2 Console simply by taking Bhutto 3.What source?
That means official documentation completely on default session.
But anyone realtime in case if you are working with multiple profiles,
you may get confused.
Right? That's why just follow customization.
So this is official step,
official documentation steps, right?
These are now why in following this documentation,
you have to assume in this way,
you are going to create your management console.
You are AWS management console, 123 dot.
Let me copy it down here.
Just take AWS management console.
So after that, what are the steps we are having
enough in our official documentation, just follow them.
That's it. Alright, don't get confused.
You were official documentation is completely on default session, but in real time.
But in your real time, most of the cases,
you will create some profile names and you will walk on that.
Say suppose some of the diapers will how access only for EC2,
S3, and some of the developer there having access for RDS and S3.
That's why, you know, in real time they're going to get some IAM user
signed with that butler I am user they're providing could instance to you.
That's why you're going to create your going to configure credentials on
your host from where you are working with your AWS or cone on that host,
you will configure it with some profile names,
and that is the best practice.
Okay?
Okay, anyway, you will get more help on
this documentation while implementing our Python moto three scripts,
I will show you how to implement your Python booty that
escapes with respect to by considering your official documentation.
Okay? Okay, thank you.